hey what's up guys happy here today I'm
with we picked out five different types
of cup insu noodles all at the same low
budget price point to figure out which
one is the best and the most worth it
for a college budget even though I like
to eat healthy but sometimes you're out
of money or you're just too lazy so this
is a way to go let's get going
[Music]
mmm this smells like endless my favorite
a bit blend it was exactly what I
expected
there's not much to it there's not like
that complexity you getting real Robin
soup yeah I mean it gets the job done
for me I give it a 1.5 because I have
high standards for instance a one for me
[Music]
namsun caboodle Oh mah bah bah Oh pop
beat me so first you can really really
smell the kimchi and this salt I think
that's gonna be a common theme
throughout I mean we both had this
support I think it's a lot better than
the Meester noodle for sure the noodle
is just a little bit chewy a little bit
more yeah or all still lackluster I will
give it a solid one point seven really
yeah but this is not good
I will not use this really no next one
right now we're making the one you have
to put the water first so basically you
put the water in you wait for the
noodles to cook then you drain out the
water and then afterwards you put the
sauce after
into me this one's cool because this
one's a dry noodle I can well Wow
and that was the most flavorful I think
all those spices and sauces really show
off in the flavor it's decadent decadent
look at these a vocabulary words well
what does decadent mean it's very
alright let's let's let's learn some
vocabulary so indulging they must be bad
for you yes that is so true I know this
is not gonna feel good for my next
morning an indulgence not not a staple
3:05 stars
[Music]
in the condiment packets it came with
oil
yes yeah I think it's like chicken oil
or something but oil is what makes
things tasty the other ones did not come
with oil oh I don't know and also
there's some chicken bits in here this
you know is not something I would have
expected out of a package definitely
this on a college budget and I
definitely felt with this I'm actually
so thirsty right now from all this salt
so so I got the UH I got the perfect
drink for you hold up
saw this on CMT yeah I drank this
literally like every day when I was a
kid Traci good right good
it's all on eBay bye bye no no you know
what that means
one glass every morning and every night
you'll become white and tender great tad
I guess I need this to live up to the
asian beauty
[Applause]
okay so if your instant noodle comes
with a fork you can go like this Wow
last one there is similar to the second
kimchi one we had but the smell is more
complex the soup looks more more soupy
Oh mushroom ooh ooh meat oh that's so
good when you're broke and when you're
hungry that tiny piece of me will make a
huge difference
spicy salty I remember it being better I
love the texture of this noodle there's
like some shooter there's some bite the
flavor it's not the best but it's
definitely the boldest I changed my
opinion on the flow and that one is the
best so far
I'll get that four out of five and then
this one will get a 3.5 out of that I do
have a surprise for you and it's not
what you're thinking I'm not gonna whip
it out just like that but I do have the
spicy noodle right here yes this will be
a doozy
[Music]
all right here's your surprise you're
gonna love this this is like the most
decadent thing I've seen today let's
let's prepare ourselves with some
coconut water you can just smell the
spice like a full circle of emotions
just started off with sweetness and then
turns into spicy but then at the end you
don't taste anything anymore this is a
nice dessert you know to finish off your
meal before you're about it
kiss your day this is definitely
something you want to have fully
recommend I'm getting a slight headache
[Music]
today on this show oh [ __ ] I call this
we got a couple options worth your
budget or value menu budget that was too
much of a ripoff of the BuzzFeed would a
completely original show I don't know
college budget well I don't know about
the name we can come up with that in the
comments below the top rated one or
maybe I'll consider okay but one thing
you can be sure is that we will be doing
this every single Wednesday called worth
it Wednesday's today we tried five
different Robins and one bonus at the
same low budget price point to find out
which is the most worth it for your
college budget low end to the best okay
mr. noodle
I would say number two this I would say
least worth it because you know why
because mr. noodle is cheap this one's
like three times more expensive thing
mr. noodle but wasn't much better
she ramen actually
this way is over here this is like a
decadent food for the budget worth it
winning today boga oh god this is a
sleeper cake I would have never known
about this red blades actually so good
and I will leave this literally every
day because it's so good and this one
only feed this two gates that you do not
like and would never want to see again
okay okay way but I disagree though
there should be number two this that's
one thing you can be sure is the winner
is bug out
this was only like 250 it's gonna be the
best thing you've ever had I don't thank
you for watching come back next
Wednesday 5:00 p.m. Eastern for another
or that Wednesday leave your name
suggestions down below and thank you
like subscribe peace